>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, from here,
let me just pop into the store real quick.
All right.
So, again, if I'm looking at something,
a lot of times it's a matter of habit,
I'll click in and
I'll look at the typescript definition,
it's really interesting
what you can find out.
And so, the store.
Extends observable.
So when you go store.pipe,
like how is that working?
Well, it's because it's extending and
observable.
And that's why we're able to pipe this
observable operators together
on your derivable string.
How does your state go
from one place to another?
Well, it's an observable.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So,
what you'll see here and
this has been deprecated
since 6.1 is there's kind of
two main methods that
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You
will use when dealing with the store.
So why I wanted to call this out,
because I'm going to delete everything
except for these two methods right here.
So select and dispatch,
and that is as far as I know I think
that's all I have ever used in the store.
Is that you use select to essentially
query your application state.
And you use dispatch to say like,
hey this thing happened or
I need you to go do this thing and
so you have dispatch.
And so even the API for
in JRX or Redux is very simple.
When you're dealing with a store, there
is really two methods that you'll use.
Querying via select,
commands via dispatch.
Then also notice that the state
itself is an observable strain.
So typically when I click into this,
I learn something new, even the actions.
And so all of the actions that we create,
you'll see that those are in
an observable stream as well.
So everything is essentially
streaming down or up.
So with that said, in our project,
let's do, we'll go here.
So we can take this
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
we're going to replace this
with this .store.dispatch and
an action object has two properties.
On this case it would
definitely have two properties.
So, were gonna go type: 'create',
payload: project.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what's
interesting about this is that if we
look at this other code down here,
the component kind of knows a little
bit about the implementation details of
like where this is actually coming from
in some of these different things.
Whereas this, on the other hand,
when you look at this,
it's just saying take this thing and
get it out of here.
Or just take this thing and
you do what you want, so
it's like my four year old when
he's like hey, I just made a mess.
Clean it up.
That would be the equivalent
of a mess action object.
What I'll do is so
I just dropped these down here for now.
Just because we'll keep those.
These will eventually go away.
So make a note of that.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right, so
let's go ahead and do update and delete.
So this.store.dispatch type,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Update, what's next,
payload, project.
So right now we are just using
very generic, just essentially
generic JavaScript objects,
which could be problematic in the future.
Hint, it will be, and
I'll explain why in the next module.
But for now,
I think it's easy to visualize
the shape of what we're working with.
Although here, we'll just said
project updated and project deleted.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so what we're
doing right here is essentially when we're
doing some kind of manipulation we're
just saying, hey rehydrate the projects.
There's a couple of ways you could do
this and reset the current project.
So ideally we would
have this in one place.
Think about it that anytime the project
is updated were there were some
appropriate event that we'd just go
ahead and rehydrate that for you.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I
will do is we don't need Get
projects cause that is
currently on hiatus.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Your type.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
do you see what happened?
I had this update and it's like,
that's the wrong string.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: This is one of
the reasons why using generic JavaScript
objects is problematic.
Cuz it's easy to misspell a string or
whatever.